[Load Balancing] Health Check > Health Monitor/Requests (#8984)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/load-balancing/_partials/_health-check-regions.md

  list: never
---

For each option selected in a pool's **Health Monitor Regions**, Cloudflare sends health monitor requests from three separate data centers in that region.

![Health monitor requests come from three data centers within each selected region.](/images/load-balancing/health-check-component.png)

> If the majority of data centers for that region pass the health probe, that region is considered healthy. If the majority of regions is healthy, then the origin itself will be considered healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the majority of data centers for that region pass the health monitor requests, that region is considered healthy. If the majority of regions is healthy, then the origin itself will be considered healthy.
```
In other pages you used "health monitor requests", so we should probably use the same expression here. For example, in:
`To become healthy or unhealthy, monitored origins must pass this health monitor request the consecutive number of times specified in these parameters.`
